[DOCS] Mention TCAdefaults do not apply to flexforms (#391)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TSconfig: Documentation/PageTsconfig/TcaDefaults.rst

   # Show newly created pages by default
   TCAdefaults.pages.hidden = 0

..  note::

>     `TCAdefaults` is not (yet) applied to FlexForm values. These can only be addressed via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `TCAdefaults` is not applied to :ref:`FlexForm <t3coreapi:flexforms>` values. These can only be addressed via
```

I am a big fan to reference other chapters ;-), especially, when a word is dropped which is not self-explanatory.
Additionally, I would remove "(yet)" as this wakes expectations which might not be fulfilled in the near future.

>     actual :xml:`<default>` elements within the FlexForm DataStructure.

Reviewer: I would omit "actual", or is there something special you like to emphasize?

Reviewer: And one more: DataStructure as in XMLs "<DataStructure>" or as in "data structure"?
